2023-10-05-dave-macleod (#229)
rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org: _episodes/interviews/2023-09-29-dave-macleod.md

---
title: "Learn Rust in a Month of Lunches with Dave MacLeod"
date: 2023-09-29T15:59:00Z
file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2023-09-29-dave-macleod.mp3
duration: "1:03:31"
length: "91353957"
#reddit: (leave blank on initial publish, amend with link and uncomment this line after Reddit thread has been posted)
---

> Allen Wyma talks with [Dave MacLeod](https://github.com/Dhghomon) about his book ["Learn Rust in a Month of Lunches"](http://mng.bz/OxOO) from Manning. Discount code:   au35mac for purchasing the book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allen Wyma talks with [Dave MacLeod](https://github.com/Dhghomon) about his book ["Learn Rust in a Month of Lunches"](http://mng.bz/OxOO) from Manning.

Rustacean Station discount code for the book: au35mac
```

## Contributing to Rustacean Station

Rustacean Station is a community project; get in touch with us if you'd like to suggest an idea for an episode or offer your services as a host or audio editor!

- Twitter: [@rustaceanfm](https://twitter.com/rustaceanfm)
- Discord: [Rustacean Station](https://discord.gg/cHc3Gyc)
- Github: [@rustacean-station](https://github.com/rustacean-station/)
- Email: [hello@rustacean-station.org](mailto:hello@rustacean-station.org)

## Timestamps

> [@00:00] Introduction: Meet Dave MacLeod - Rust Developer and Author of "Learn Rust in a Month of Lunches"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@00:00] Introduction: meet Dave MacLeod
```
the rest is already in the summary

> [@01:47] Target Audience and Motivation behind the Book: Overcoming Learning Challenges and Addressing Gaps in Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@01:47] Target audience and motivation behind the book
```

> [@08:32] Exploring Book Chapters: Unpacking Complex Concepts in the First Chapter and the Direct Approach to Learning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@08:32] Taking a direct approach to learning
```

> [@15:14] Understanding Shadowing in Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@15:14] Understanding shadowing in Rust
```
in general, avoid unnecessary capitalizations

[@16:56] Comparing "Learn Rust in a Month of Lunches" with "EasyRust"

> [@20:06] Streamlined Variable Printing: Changes to 'printline' and 'print' in Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@20:06] Streamlined printing: Changes to `printline` and `print` in Rust
```

> [@22:08] Dive into Async in Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@22:08] Dive into async Rust
```

> [@24:19] Crafting a Coherent Flow: Process and Concept Tie-Ins in the Book

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@24:19] Crafting a coherent flow: process and concept tie-ins in the book
```

> [@29:46] Tackling Advanced Topics: Macros, Iterators, and Closures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@29:46] Tackling advanced topics: macros, iterators, and closures
```

> [@33:05] Exploring the Chrono Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@33:05] Exploring the `chrono` crate
```

> [@35:29] Safety and Testing: Discussing Unsafe Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@35:29] Safety and testing: discussing unsafe Rust
```

> [@41:49] Release Date of the Book

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@41:49] The book's release date
```

> [@44:18] Dave's Experience Writing the Book

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@44:18] Dave's experience writing the book
```

> [@46:54] Future Plans and Projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@46:54] Future plans and projects
```

> [@49:33] Closing Thoughts and Banter on Programming Topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@49:33] Closing thoughts
```

---
title: "Learn Rust in a Month of Lunches with Dave MacLeod"

> date: 2023-09-29T15:59:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-09-29T10:50:00Z
```

> file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2023-09-29-dave-macleod.mp3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2023-09-29-david-macleod.mp3
```
